---
order: 1
---

## `ezkl` Parameters

Each command in the `ezkl` CLI requires certain parameters to execute. 

### kzg.params

As discussed in the `Commands` section, we use `gen-srs` to create a polynomial commitment scheme parameters file typically called `kzg.params`. This is the most commonly used parameter because we cannot set up zero knowledge proofs without it. Without the KZG parameters, there would be no way to commit to a polynomial without revealing  underlying data. These parameters are required in:

- `gen-srs`
- `setup`
- `prove`
- `verify`
- `aggregate`
- `create-evm-verifier`

### input.json

The `input.json` file represents the model inputs and outputs. Previously, the model's input shape (e.g. [1, 28, 28]) was required, but now `ezkl` can infer the shape just from the inputs. This JSON object is what you will use to pass arbitrary inputs to your model. If you have a photo, you need to transform it to the appropriate shape for your model. If your model's input is [1, 28, 28] and you have an RGB photo with 1080x1080 pixels, you need to grayscale (channels go from 3 to 1) and resize the pixels (downscale 1080 to 28) so that your model can ingest the data properly.

`ezkl` takes a longer time to prove models with larger inputs. This means that using high quality images may take a while or run out of memory when generating a circuit. It is imperative that you're aware of how many inputs your model needs so that you use `ezkl` effectively. Here are the commands that require `input.json`:

- `prove`
- `mock`
- `forward`

### circuit.params

The circuit parameters are not at all related to the commitment scheme parameters. The circuit parameters are used to assist in the construction of a Model Circuit. They include the `RunArgs`, the `Visibility` parameters, the potential number of the constraints in the circuit, and more. The commands that require `circuit.params` are:

- `setup` (path required to generate them)
- `prove`
- `verify`
- `aggregate` (all the params of the circuits you want to aggregate)
- `create-evm-verifier`

### network.onnx

[ONNX](https://onnx.ai/) (Open Neural Network Exchange) is an open-source standard for representing deep learning models. It was developed to facilitate interoperability between various deep learning frameworks, such as TensorFlow and PyTorch. ONNX provides a common file format that allows models trained in one framework to be used in another framework for inference, without the need for model conversion.

ONNX is used for several reasons:

> ***\*Easy Integration\****: ONNX files are used in ezkl to generate zk-SNARKS from individual operations (e.g. ReLU, Sigmoid, Softmax). The ONNX format makes it straight-forward to parse and separate layers for generating individual circuits. 
>
> ***\*Interoperability\****: ONNX enables developers to train models in one deep learning framework and use them in another for inference, without the need for conversion. This eases the process of deploying models and allows developers to use the best tools for each part of the development process.
>
> ***\*Portability\****: ONNX provides a standardized format for deep learning models, making it easier to share models across different platforms and devices.
>
> ***\*Optimization\****: ONNX-compatible tools and libraries, such as ONNX Runtime, can provide optimizations for specific hardware, leading to improved performance.
>
> ***\*Ecosystem support\****: Many popular deep learning frameworks and tools, like TensorFlow, PyTorch, and Microsoft's ONNX Runtime, support ONNX, providing a broad range of options for developers.

Check out our [pyezkl](https://github.com/zkonduit/pyezkl) repository to find detailed steps on generating an ONNX file. Here are the commands that require `network.onnx`:

- `setup`
- `prove`
- `mock`
- `forward`
- `table`
- `render`
- `aggregate`

### pk.key

The Proving key for a circuit is typically saved as `pk.key`. It is used to generate proofs and derive the verifying key. The commands that require `pk.key` are:

- `setup` (path to generate it)
- `prove`
- `aggregate`

### vk.key

The Verifying key for a circuit is typically saved as `vk.key`. It is used to verify proofs created with the corresponding Proving Key. The commands that require `vk.key` are:

- `setup` (path to generate it)
- `verify`
- `aggregate` 
- `verify-aggr`
- `create-evm-verifier`

### model.proof

The proof that is generated for a circuit is typically called `model.proof` or `network.pf`. It is the actual proof that your verifier will use to verify proofs of your circuit. Typically this proof is generated by the client and verified by a blockchain or server. `ezkl` provides you with an assortment of use cases for verifying the proofs you generate. Please submit an issue if you have any ideas for more platforms we should be looking to build verifiers on! Here are the commands that require a proof (or path to it):

- `prove` (path to generate it)
- `aggregate`
- `verify`
- `verify-evm`

